[bulk] Validation: Multiple Fixes (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/bing-spatial-data-services-api-reference.md

---
title: "Bing Spatial Data Services API Reference | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn about the Bing Spatial Data Services API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview page with links to articles that document the Bing Spatial Data Services. 
```
